docs/docs/CLI.md, before:

Hexpy Command Line Interface
=============================

**hexpy** comes with an optional console script for conveniently automating several common tasks

## Helpful Commands

* Export sample of monitor posts to a spreadsheet.
* Easily upload a spreadsheet as custom content for analysis in ForSight.
* Quickly get multiple metrics from monitor results as JSON. 
* Compose powerful shell scripts with pipe-able commands such as [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/), and `xargs`.


## Installation
<!-- To install the most recent stable release run `pip install hexpy`. -->

To install the optional console command:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/sullivancolin/hexpy.git
$ pip install hexpy/[cli]
```

## Usage

### Basic
```bash
$ hexpy [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
```

### Commands
* **export**  Save Monitor posts as spreadsheet.
* **login**   Get valid authorization from user.
* **query**   Request 24 analysis for provided query.
* **results** Get Monitor results for 1 or more metrics.
* **upload**  Upload spreadsheet file as custom content.

See how each `hexpy` command works by running `hexpy COMMAND --help`

## Examples

Login to Crimson API with you credentials
```bash
$ hexpy login --force
Enter username: username@email.com
Enter password: ***********
✔ Success!
```

Upload CSV file as `my_custom_types` with English language code and tab delimted columns.
```bash
$ hexpy upload spredsheet.csv --content_type my_custom_type --language en --delimiter '\t'
```

Get word cloud and volume information from the monitor in the specified date range.
```bash
$ hexpy results MONITOR_ID volume word_cloud --date_range 2017-01-01 2017-02-01
```

Get CSV data with volume information for the monitor for each day using [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)
```bash
$ hexpy results MONITOR_ID volume | jq -r '.results.volume.volumes[] | [.startDate, .numberOfDocuments] | @csv'
"2017-01-04T00:00:00",74
"2017-01-05T00:00:00",101
"2017-01-06T00:00:00",67
"2017-01-07T00:00:00",58
"2017-01-08T00:00:00",64
"2017-01-09T00:00:00",72
"2017-01-10T00:00:00",92
"2017-01-11T00:00:00",72
"2017-01-12T00:00:00",133
"2017-01-13T00:00:00",67
...
```

Export Monitor posts to excel file called `my_export.xlsx`
```bash
$ hexpy export MONITOR_ID --file_type excel --output my_export
```

Export posts to excel for multiple monitors in parallel from a file containing a list of monitor ids
```bash
cat ids.txt | xargs -n 1 -P 4 hexpy export -f excel
```

Commit message:

added metadata command to hexpy CLI, updated docs

docs/docs/CLI.md, after:

Hexpy Command Line Interface
=============================

**hexpy** comes with an optional console script for conveniently automating several common tasks

## Helpful Commands

* Export sample of monitor posts to a spreadsheet.
* Easily upload a spreadsheet as custom content for analysis in ForSight.
* Quickly get multiple metrics from monitor results as JSON. 
* Compose powerful shell scripts with pipe-able commands such as [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/), and `xargs`.


## Installation
<!-- To install the most recent stable release run `pip install hexpy`. -->

To install the optional console command:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/sullivancolin/hexpy.git
$ pip install hexpy/[cli]
```

## Usage

### Basic
```bash
$ hexpy [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
```

### Commands
* **export**  Save Monitor posts as spreadsheet.
* **login**   Get valid authorization from user.
* **query**   Request 24 analysis for provided query.
* **results** Get Monitor results for 1 or more metrics.
* **upload**  Upload spreadsheet file as custom content.
* **metadata** Get Metadata for account team, monitors, and geography.

See how each `hexpy` command works by running `hexpy COMMAND --help`

## Examples

Login to Crimson API with you credentials
```bash
$ hexpy login --force
Enter username: username@email.com
Enter password: ***********
✔ Success!
```

Get list of monitors for the users team
```bash
hexpy metadata monitor_list --team_id TEAM_ID | jq -r '.monitors[] | .id'
```

Upload CSV file as `my_custom_types` with English language code and tab delimted columns.
```bash
$ hexpy upload spredsheet.csv --content_type my_custom_type --language en --delimiter '\t'
```

Get word cloud and volume information from the monitor in the specified date range.
```bash
$ hexpy results MONITOR_ID volume word_cloud --date_range 2017-01-01 2017-02-01
```

Get CSV data with volume information for the monitor for each day using [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)
```bash
$ hexpy results MONITOR_ID volume | jq -r '.results.volume.volumes[] | [.startDate, .numberOfDocuments] | @csv'
"2017-01-04T00:00:00",74
"2017-01-05T00:00:00",101
"2017-01-06T00:00:00",67
"2017-01-07T00:00:00",58
"2017-01-08T00:00:00",64
"2017-01-09T00:00:00",72
"2017-01-10T00:00:00",92
"2017-01-11T00:00:00",72
"2017-01-12T00:00:00",133
"2017-01-13T00:00:00",67
...
```

Export Monitor posts to excel file called `my_export.xlsx`
```bash
$ hexpy export MONITOR_ID --file_type excel --output my_export
```

Export posts to excel for multiple monitors in parallel from a file containing a list of monitor ids
```bash
cat ids.txt | xargs -n 1 -P 4 hexpy export -f excel
```
